# laca_supplements

**This is repository for the supplementary tables  in the LACA paper**

Supplementary Table 1.  Summarized error profile of corrected sequences with various de novo clustering approaches at 200× simulated sequencing coverage. [table_s1](/table_supp/t1_summ_err.xlsx)

Supplementary Table 2. Quality statistics of ONT Duplex and PacBio CCS consensus sequences generated by isONclust, UMAPclust and Meshclust with a loose identity score of 0.5. [table_s2](/table_supp/t2_insilico_mauto.xlsx)

Supplementary Table 3. Quality statistics of consensus sequences generated by UMAPclust and Meshclust with the estimated identity score from the input reads. [table_s3](/table_supp/t3_insilico_m5.xlsx)

Supplementary Table 4. The error profile of various quality-controlled OTU sequences retrieved from the 100,000 subsampled reads from the UMI-tagged amplicon dataset. [table_s4](/table_supp/t4_err_longumi.xlsx)

Supplementary Table 5. The error profile of various quality-controlled OTU sequences retrieved from the 1,000,000 subsampled reads from the UMI-tagged amplicon dataset. [table_s5](/table_supp/t5_err_longumi10x.xlsx)

Supplementary Table 6. Quality statistics of the OTUs from the ZymoBIOMICS 16S rRNA amplicon dataset. [table_s6](/table_supp/t6_pct_otu_zymock.xlsx)

Supplementary Table 7. The cover rate of Emu features in the top BLAST hits of LACA OTU sequences. [table_s7](/table_supp/t7_taxa_emu_hit_summ.xlsx)

Supplementary Table 8. The Emu species and genus features detected in the BLAST hits of LACA OTU sequences. [table_s8](/table_supp/t8_taxa_emu_hit.xlsx)
The min alignment identity and cover of BLAST hits are 0.97 and 0.99, respectively. The mean relative abundance is the mean of non-zero values across all 12 samples.

Supplementary Table 9. The best BLAST hit of the Peptostreptococcaceae OTUs against the curated EzBioCloud database for 16S rRNA gene sequences. [table_s9](/table_supp/t9_Criibacterium_bergeroniiz_ncbi.xlsx)

Supplementary Table 10. The BLAST hit results of OTUs annotated as unclassified lactobacilli in the control vaginal samples SRR14307925 and SRR14307926. [table_s10](/table_supp/t10_taxa_hitax_lac.xlsx)

Supplementary Table 11. Summary of the uncovered taxonomic features by Emu. [table_s11](/table_supp/t11_taxa_emu_nohit.xlsx)
The min alignment identity and cover of BLAST hits are 0.97 and 0.99, respectively. The mean relative abundance is the mean of non-zero values across all 12 samples.
